established in 1973 and one hundred
percent privately owned TNG are a
specialist high precision engineering
company supplying high-end machined
components to customers worldwide
blending a highly skilled workforce of
45 people with state-of-the-art modern
machine tools this results in TNG
enjoying a highly successful and buoyant
position in the market our fully
air-conditioned factory at West Byfleet
in Surrey features no fewer than 13
high-end okuma milling and turning
centers latest acquisitions include an
okuma be 307 axis mill turning center
and a new okuma five axis mill in
harness with Delcam unigraphics and
alpha cam surface modeling translation
and tool pathing grinding wire EDM and
spark erosion are also a strength of TMG
and a wide range of work is undertaken
the plant includes 18 grinding machines
6w EDM machines and free spark erosion
machines
furthermore this range of full CNC
equipment is complemented by traditional
milling and turning conventional
machinery quality control is essential
to the success of TNG and significant
investment has been made in setting up a
new quality department using the very
latest equipment set to BS en 9001 2008
standards TNG are committed to quality
in all of our production procedures
attention to detail is foremost with
many of our manufacturing areas carpeted
testament to the cleanliness of our
operation storage racks are also
carpeted to protect finished components
at every part is meticulously
laser-etched with part number and order
number for identification and
traceability purposes our business
objectives are simple focusing on growth
through investment in equipment
technology and staff
the ultimate goal is to make TNG one of
the leading subcontractors in Europe and
current business levels and reputation
in the marketplace suggests that they
are well on the way to achieving that
this hasn't happened by accident there
are relatively few UK subcontractors
that have truly embraced the concept of
exporting but TNG currently export fifty
percent of everything it produces to
overseas markets across a number of
industry sectors including automotive
aerospace pharmaceutical and medical we
also produce special-purpose assembly
machines and can making tooling with
electronic communication systems at our
disposal doing business with European
Asian and US customers is no problem
although face-to-face contact is
required much can be done electronically
with the transfer of CAD models drawings
specifications and other data moreover
T&G are being encouraged to work via
customer portals for quoting receiving
orders and invoicing our customer base
is spread across a wide range but TNG
focus on complex machining work
involving high levels of skill and very
tight tolerances T&G have built a
reputation as a supplier in a niche
market undertaking work that demands
utmost skill and high-end machining
capability
you